add Hardware Reuse code sample (#4)
juny-lim/oneAPI-samples-fork: DirectProgramming/C++SYCL_FPGA/Tutorials/Features/experimental/task_sequence_hardware_reuse/README.md

> # `Task Sequence Hardware Reuse` Sample

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# `Hardware Reuse` Sample
```
also rename directory to `hardware_reuse`

> This sample is a tutorial that demonstrates how to use looping and task sequence to achieve FPGA hardware reuse.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample is a tutorial that demonstrates how to reuse hardware in your FPGA designs by using loops and task sequences.
```
Put 'reuse hardware' first because the user's actual goal is to reuse hardware, not to use task sequences :)

You can use this sentence in your `sample.json`.

| Area                 | Description
|:--                   |:--
| What you will learn  | How to code your FPGA SYCL program to reuse hardware that has same functionality
| Time to complete     | 30 minutes
| Category             | Concepts and Functionality

## Purpose

> Task sequences allow user to control the replication of FPGA hardware and thus saving resource usage in a user's design.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In normal operation, the oneAPI FPGA compiler automatically in-lines repeated function calls, creating multiple instances of hardware that can run in parallel. This in-lining strategy is necessary to achieve high throughput, but in cases where you want to minimize area utilization, you may wish to sacrifice throughput and allow certain functions to be re-used. This sample demonstrates two strategies to re-use hardware in your designs:

1. Calling a function in a loop will cause it to only be instantiated once
2. Calling a function in a task sequence lets you re-use a function in cases where it is not practical to re-use it in a loop.
```

go into some more detail here.

   tier4("Tier 4: Explore the Reference Designs")

   tier1 --> tier2 --> tier3 --> tier4

   style tier1 fill:#0071c1,stroke:#0071c1,stroke-width:1px,color:#fff
   style tier2 fill:#f96,stroke:#333,stroke-width:1px,color:#fff
   style tier3 fill:#0071c1,stroke:#0071c1,stroke-width:1px,color:#fff
   style tier4 fill:#0071c1,stroke:#0071c1,stroke-width:1px,color:#fff
```

Find more information about how to navigate this part of the code samples in the [FPGA top-level README.md](/DirectProgramming/C++SYCL_FPGA/README.md).
You can also find more information about [troubleshooting build errors](/DirectProgramming/C++SYCL_FPGA/README.md#troubleshooting), [running the sample on the Intel® DevCloud](/DirectProgramming/C++SYCL_FPGA/README.md#build-and-run-the-samples-on-intel-devcloud-optional), [using Visual Studio Code with the code samples](/DirectProgramming/C++SYCL_FPGA/README.md#use-visual-studio-code-vs-code-optional), [links to selected documentation](/DirectProgramming/C++SYCL_FPGA/README.md#documentation), etc.

## Key Implementation Details

This sample illustrates some key concepts:
- Simple hardware reuse by invoking the function task in a 'for' loop.

> - Enable hardware reuse by calling the same task sequence object within scope.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- More flexible hardware reuse by invoking the function task using a task sequence wrapper object.
```

> This tutorial demonstrates a design that computes the 'square root of a dot product' multiple times. Without resource sharing, multiple identical compute blocks for square root of dot product are generated on the FPGA. However by sharing the compute block in a task, the task is invoked whenever the square  root of the dot product is calculated. This sharing means that you avoid duplicating the hardware for this operation on the FPGA. One trade-off made by  resource sharing is that, multiple invocations of the same task block each other, so the latency and II of the top level component could be increased.

Reviewer: include some graphics, like these:

https://intel-my.sharepoint.com/:u:/r/personal/paul_white_intel_com/Documents/Documentation/oneAPI%20Docs/tutorials/hardware_reuse.vsdx?d=wd6866ad6e2f34df4b57f3485f1601c4a&csf=1&web=1&e=yORoW5

Author: done

> This tutorial demonstrates a design that computes the 'square root of a dot product' multiple times. Without resource sharing, multiple identical compute blocks for square root of dot product are generated on the FPGA. However by sharing the compute block in a task, the task is invoked whenever the square  root of the dot product is calculated. This sharing means that you avoid duplicating the hardware for this operation on the FPGA. One trade-off made by  resource sharing is that, multiple invocations of the same task block each other, so the latency and II of the top level component could be increased.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial demonstrates a design that computes the 'square root of a dot product' multiple times. 

D3Vector new_item;
D3Vector item = a_in[0];
new_item.d[0] = OpSqrt(item, coef1);
item = a_in[1];
new_item.d[1] = OpSqrt(item, coef1);
item = a_in[2];
new_item.d[2] = OpSqrt(item, coef1);

z_out[0] = OpSqrt(new_item, coef2);

Without resource sharing, multiple identical compute blocks for square root of dot product are generated on the FPGA. However by sharing the compute block using a loop or task sequence, we can tell the compiler to re-use the compute block, and avoid replicating the compute block hardware on the FPGA. The important trade-off made by resource sharing is that multiple invocations of the same task block each other, so the II of the top level component will increase.
```

include the code snippet too

> ### Resource sharing with loop

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Resource sharing with a loop
```

> Instead of invoking the square root task one by one, you may invoke the task in loop for hardware reuse. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead of invoking the square root function one by one, you may re-use the function by calling it in a loop. 
```
It is better to use the word 'function' instead of 'task' or 'task function', since we use 'task sequence' later and that can get confusing.

as earlier, the user wants to **reduce area**, so say "reduce area by doing ..." rather than "do ... to reduce area"

```c++
struct VectorOp {
  D3Vector *a_in;
  float *z_out;
  int len;

  void operator()() const {
    constexpr D3Vector coef1 = {0.2, 0.3, 0.4};
    constexpr D3Vector coef2 = {0.6, 0.7, 0.8};

    D3Vector new_item;
    

>     // Invoking task block in loop will utilise the same hardware generated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Calling OpSqrt() in a loop will re-use it
```

    for (int i = 0; i < len; i++) {
      D3Vector item = a_in[i];
      new_item.d[i] = OpSqrt(item, coef1);    
    }

>     // Another square root block will be generated for this task invoked

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Another square root block will be generated for this function call
```

    z_out[0] = OpSqrt(new_item, coef2);
  }
};
```

> ### Resource sharing with task sequence object

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Resource sharing with a task sequence object
```

Each task sequence class object represents a specific instantiation of FPGA hardware to perform the task function operation.

> Launching tasks via the async() function calls on the same object results in the reuse of that object's hardware. Thus, you can control the reuse or replication of FPGA hardware by the number of task_sequence objects you declare. Since object lifetime is confined to the scope in which the task_sequence object is created, carefully declare your object in the scope in which you intend to perform its reuse.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Launching tasks via the `async()` function calls on the same object results in the reuse of that object's hardware. Thus, you can control the reuse or replication of FPGA hardware by the number of `task_sequence` objects you declare. Since object lifetime is confined to the scope in which the `task_sequence` object is created, carefully declare your object in the scope in which you intend to perform its reuse.
```
You should use a `monospace font` when referring to specific class names or function names

> In the 'task_sequence' folder, the device code declares the task sequence object is declared once and invoked inside the loop and the return point.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the `task_sequence` folder, the device code declares the task sequence object is declared once and invoked inside the loop and the return point.
```

use a `monospace` font when referring to a specific directory in the code sample hierarchy

> In the 'task_sequence' folder, the device code declares the task sequence object is declared once and invoked inside the loop and the return point.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the 'task_sequence' directory, the device code declares the task sequence object once, and invokes it inside the loop, and at the return point.
```

    sycl::ext::intel::experimental::task_sequence<OpSqrt> task_a;
    
    for (int i =0; i < len; i++) {
      task_a.async(a_in[i], coef1);
    }

    for (int i =0; i < len; i++) {
      new_item.d[i] = task_a.get();
    }

    task_a.async(new_item, coef2);
    z_out[0] = task_a.get();
  }
};
```

## Sample Structure
The 3 different example designs in this sample perform similar operations. You may compare the C++ source files to see the code changes that are necessary to apply hardware reuse.

1. [Naive](naive/main.cpp) The component directly implements square root of dot product four times and each of them generates the hardware for its own use. 
2. [Looping](loop/main.cpp) Square root of dot product with same level of of data path are group together, and invoked in the 'for' loop. The hardware are shared by each invocation in the loop. Another square root of dot product, which is involed at the return point, generates its own hardware.
3. [Task sequence](task_sequence/main.cpp) Square root of dot product is invoked with a same task sequence object, both in the loop and at the return point. The hardware of it is shared by each invocation of the task.

> ## Build a Design

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Build the `task_sequence_hardware_reuse` Tutorial
```

   >  ```
   >  cmake -G "NMake Makefiles" .. -DFPGA_DEVICE=<FPGA device family or FPGA part number> -DTYPE=<NAIVE/LOOP/TASK_SEQUENCE>
   >  ```

3. Compile the design. (The provided targets match the recommended development flow.)

   1. Compile for emulation (fast compile time, targets emulated FPGA device).
      ```
      nmake fpga_emu
      ```
   2. Generate the optimization report. 
      ```
      nmake report
      ```
   3. Compile for simulation (fast compile time, targets simulator FPGA device).
      ```
      nmake fpga_sim
      ```
   4. Compile with Quartus place and route (To get accurate area estimate, longer compile time).
      ```
      nmake fpga
      ```

> **Note**: If you encounter any issues with long paths when compiling under Windows*, you may have to create your ‘build’ directory in a shorter path, for example `C:\samples\build`.  You can then run cmake from that directory, and provide cmake with the full path to your sample directory.

### Read the Reports
Locate `report.html` in the `naive.report.prj/reports/`, `naive_loop.report.prj/reports/` and `task_sequences.report.prj/reports/` directory.

> Navigate to **System Resource Utilization Summary** (Summary > System Resource Utilization Summary) and compare the estimated area numbers in these report. The table below summary shows that area usage has been estimated to decrease as we moved towards task sequence implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Navigate to **System Resource Utilization Summary** (Summary > System Resource Utilization Summary) and compare the estimated area numbers in these report. The table below shows that area usage has been estimated to decrease as we moved towards task sequence implementation.
```

| Compile Estimated: Kernel System

> |                | naive          | naive_loop     | task sequence

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Compile Estimated: Kernel System
|                | naive          | loop     | task sequence
```

|----------------|----------------|----------------|----------------         
| ALM            | 2690           | 1829           | 1666
| RAMs           | 13             | 8              | 4

> | DSPs           | 22             | 11             | 5.5

Reviewer: Generally we avoid including tables like this since the exact values of the estimates change from between releases. It's better to just file a case to someone in engineering to update the regtest to check that the area numbers are within a range (namely that naive > naive loop > task sequence)

Author: I have removed the table and will file the case when i got the regtest ready

Locate `report.html` in the `naive.report.prj/reports/` directory.
Navigate to *System Viewer: Kernel system > VectorOpID > VectorOpID.B0 > Cluster 0* to see FOUR `Floating-point sqrt` illustrated, representing FOUR replicate of hardware to be generated to complete the design.

> 

Reviewer: please add screenshots of what the systemviewer shows for these, since this may be hard for a user to find in the report.

Author: done

Locate `report.html` in the `naive_loop.report.prj/reports/` directory.
Navigate to *System Viewer: Kernel system > VectorOpID > VectorOpID.B1 > Cluster 2* to see each loop invoke the same ONE `Floating-point sqrt`. 
Navigate to *System Viewer: Kernel system > VectorOpID > VectorOpID.B2 > Cluster 3* to find another `Floating-point sqrt`.
Total TWO replicate of hardware used in this design

Locate `report.html` in the `task_sequences.report.prj/reports/` directory.

> Navigate thru the list in **System Viewer**, only ONE block of `Floating-point sqrt` can be found under *System Viewer: Kernel system > D3Vector) > D3Vector).B1 > Cluster 6*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Navigate through the list in **System Viewer**, only ONE block of `Floating-point sqrt` can be found under *System Viewer: Kernel system > D3Vector) > D3Vector).B1 > Cluster 6*
```
